I've covered animation libraries a lot
on this channel and there's been a ton
going on from new minimal ways of doing
things to hacking it into Tailwind to
all sorts of other Solutions but today's
solution isn't actually a new solution
it's an old one and it's not just any
old one it's kind of become the standard
for react frame or motion's kind of been
the only real responsible way to have
fancy animations in your apps for entry
exit and all the fun transitions that we
like to build framer motion is a
phenomenal Library built by framer a
company kind of trying to compete with
figma but they're also trying to do
Coden it's framer is a weird product
framer motion is a great open-source
library for react devs but framer isn't
framer motion it's been really confusing
for a while and it's also been very
react specific today all of that changes
because Matt from framer just left made
motion its own full separate thing and
they're now going to support every
framework not just react I am so excited
to dive into this with y'all it's a huge
change for how we build animations and
nice experiences on the web and I can't
wait to show all of this but first a
quick word from today's sponsor today's
sponsor is me because I couldn't get an
ad in time for this turns out having two
plus videos a day is kind of hard to
maintain sponsors for if you're
interested in filling spots like this in
the future getting your brand put in
front of the most talented senior plus
developers watching YouTube period let
me know hit us up YouTube at T.G Fair
motion is now independent introducing
motion
first some personal news next week will
be my last at framer writing this feels
pretty wild making framer motion has
been the best job of my life to do so
for six years with the best product team
in the world both a massive learning
experience and a privilege however this
leades some news that I'm incredibly
excited to share with framer's blessing
and support framer motion is now
completely independent I'm spinning it
off into its own project to better serve
the whole Community introducing motion
what's changing there are two big
changes to highlight the first is
motion's brand new home here at motion.
deev besides a fresh new design it
finally has a much requested search
excited to explore the page with you but
also I I just noticed look at how the
topnav blur effect works on things it
turns them into like a grid like
reflected like refracted glass they go
so hard on these things unnecessarily
it's so cool how are they doing that is
that a PNG or yeah it's a mask pattern
that they made as a background image
radial radient programmed here with CSS
these guys know their design and you'll
see little things like that throughout
all of framer and motions work it's
super cool back to the article though
the second big change is a request from
the community for a long time users have
asked to use frame motion outside of
react either with vanilla JS or other
Frameworks like View today motion
becomes more than a react library with
an amazing set of vanilla apis that
bring motion's Hybrid engine and
extensive feature set to everyone in the
coming weeks and months more features
from frame or motion will make their way
to this new vanilla API and I'll be
writing new integration guides that help
people use them everywhere beyond that
expect improved support and
documentation a stronger Community into
renewed focus on developer facing
features why is this happening this news
might surprise many but I think in
context it's the natural and obvious
next step for motion 6 years ago framer
bought my project pop motion because
they wanted a simple react API unlimited
flexibility and smooth animations across
all devices as s moved from prototyping
into sites these animations only became
more important because now they're being
shared with millions of monthly visitors
but motion also became wildly successful
in its own right becoming the goto react
animation solution with over 4.5 million
weekly downloads on npm the number like
like framer motion is so prolific it's
kind of nuts also if somebody in cheat
can remember there was another thing
like this that somebody from framer
broke off and made it's like animation
dodev or something that I can't remember
the name of anyways it's a part of
framer but it's also a part from framer
serving a much wider set of users it's
kind of as they that like this Library
exists as part of framer but its
majority use exists well outside of it
it always felt weird because this
library was so prominent but it wasn't
really funneling into framer success
directly like they were it made the
framer product more confusing for me
honestly having them separate helps
clarify what both are we feel like the
best way to ensure motion's future as a
core driver of animations on not just
framer sites or just react sites but for
all Sites is to spin out as an
independent open source project for the
community for motion the high demands of
frameware in terms of capability and
performance have made motion the product
that it is today so frameware users can
rest assur that their animations will
continue to be powered by Motion in the
future spinning out motions a bold move
by framer and I'm super delighted that
they're on board is motion's first
sponsor huge I hope that this gets more
sponsored this is a really important
project so I just went down a fun Rabbit
Hole trying to remember the name of
something that I knew came out from the
framer folks specifically the framer
motion folks trying to make something
that was
not using JavaScript for as much of the
animation and using the web animations
API more because frame motion was built
before a lot of those apis existed and a
lot of the code there uses JS to do the
animations motion one was announced in
2021 and I remember this dropping and
that's why I was so confused because I
knew this happened and they had
announced that they were working on a
new minimal library that just did
browser standard animations but this
used to be what was on most .ev motion
one now motion one is the new motion but
if I um way back machine yeah this is
what I was thinking emotion dodev used
to be this which was Tiny size huge
performance a new animation Library
built on the web animations API I was
really hyped when this dropped I thought
it was super cool everything was really
simple well made I was hyped also tiny
compared to things like green sock even
tinier when you compare it to OG motion
but yeah I don't I think it's dead cuz
when I found to the GitHub they archived
this project funny enough yesterday
which is interesting it seems like
motion is now focused on the centralized
main motion Library not one or any of
these other tools I wish that they would
call it what happened to one maybe they
say what happened to it in the blog
regardless motion is now its own
separate library and I'm guessing all
the learnings from there are going to
come over to here so what's next
honestly I have a long list of things I
want to do the hard part will be picking
what's first new API is built on
emerging browser features like view
transitions bringing the power of
motions industry-leading layout engine
to the new vanilla API highle components
that are both beautiful and accessible
better Dev tools plugins for popular
design tools Etc realistically for
motion to thrive I first need to make it
sustainable if you or your company
already finds value from it consider a
sponsorship I know a lot of you
companies are doing the OSS pledge now
at least I hope so the open source
pledge is a thing that was started by
Century meant to Kickstart companies
helping fund these open source projects
it's a pledge that a company can take
agreeing to put at least $2,000 per year
per devit the company into open source
all these companies have already
contributed and are promising to
continue so if you need places to throw
that money if you're making the pledge
this is a good place to apparently
Tailwind has already sponsored them too
which is really cool to see Tailwind
plus motion is a nice combo so hyped to
see them working together like that
anyways whatever's next I'm beyond
excited for the next chapter and if
you're an existing motion one or frame
motion user I hope you are excited too
here's the next 6 years hype huge I want
to see the new homepage though that
killed motion one also the domain
motion.
devevo I don't get domain Envy much
nowadays but that's so good that's up
there with my image. engineering which I
still haven't used for anything but
we'll get there Motion makes animations
simple fun and Limitless go beyond the
browser with super smooth Springs layout
animations timelines and much much more
I'm sure if I scroll it will no oh so
they respect accessibility settings like
the request for reduced motion which is
why nothing was moving on the page
initially and when I went and toggled
that setting suddenly everything started
moving again and I bet if I hit that I
have to refresh after yeah now it
doesn't
work now it does more we need to respect
those settings anyways this is how
simple the code is vanilla JavaScript
you tell it the target you tell it what
to do or using a motion. div in react
same deal and this is how motion works
it's it's alternatives to the Dom
elements where you put motion dot in
front a now motions JS layer can take
over and it can identify when things are
added and remove from the Dom to do all
the things you might need to do one of
those things that almost no other
Library supports properly exit
animations where removing something from
the Dom won't just disappear it it will
have an animation on its way out doing
this in react sucks so hard because to
fade out an element when it's removed
you actually have to keep it in the
virtual Dom and the real Dom for a bit
do the animation and then when the
animation is done you have to remove it
it's one of the few things that the
react mental model doesn't really work
for entry animations are easy because
when you render it for the first time
you just have it fade in or do whatever
but when you remove the element you have
to have it stay there for a bit which is
really really hard to do the way react
Works motion just handles it and
hopefully other Frameworks will get the
benefit from this super super simple
syntax as well like two day if I needed
good exit animations on something I was
building with react I don't know how I
would do it without framer straight up I
just have no idea it would be hellish
layers of code keeping track of
references and making sure things are
properly removed once the I don't even
I'm thinking about it and it is
stressing me out so we're going to move
on layout animations also very very
helpful switching between different
layouts now with view transitions in the
browser you can diy things like this but
before then not fun and this makes it
way easier you also of course have
gestures so when you move over this it
does things and I can even grab it and
drag it around and when dragging it
makes it smaller all of that just baked
in so
nice and of course timelines very useful
when you want to do multiple things in
order so the unordered list so the list
itself has to fade in and each item in
it needs to start at y -20 and then move
to zero staggered 2 seconds between each
of them so nice so
nice where this has to fade in then
these have to run one at a time with a
delay between them such nice syntax to
draw describe really difficult
things wow ail personally sponsored and
linear already jumped on not
surprising they have a whole gallery of
cool things using it if you want to
check it out and of course in case it
wasn't
clear I think I mentioned this before
but in case I somehow forgot it's
obviously all open source so you can go
hop in here and play with all of the
packages look at the code use the
library and use the source to go make
your own version so if you want to have
this in spelt or angular or any other
framework you have the pieces you can
build it yourself now it's actually
really really cool
and having search in the docs finally is
huge I can't believe they got away
without this
before and of course when you start
typing in it the little animation the
way it came
up it's so
good oh oh the best part of these sites
are the little animation oh it's so nice
I've always been pretty hyped about
frame or motion haven't used it as much
as I probably should have but now that I
know it's being maintained this well in
long term there's really cool stuff
coming I'm more hyped than I've ever
been does this mean I'm going to stop
covering new cool animation libraries
absolutely not yall love those videos
but for now this is the pretty obvious
easy recommendation if you're using
react and you're building animations
into your tools you probably should at
least consider frame motion but now it's
going to be around for a while I super
hyped I hope you guys are as well until
next time peace nerds