we deal with this every day I'm not even
looking hey hey Ty you think we can
finish this after yeah he's got a game
I'm pretty close let's head to an intro
tall gu beard twins purple dud perfect
in over tall gu beard twins purple hoser
now we're heading on to
over ladies and gentlemen the long
overdue eagerly awaited step Curry
overtime Edition
go good to have you step we got a great
show starting off with cool not cool
then we're going to Arena Golf and I
want you to know there's an incredible
prize for the winner then we are going
to All Sports threo contest nice we had
to even the odds somehow we can't just
go straight basketball part of us and
then we're going to finish up with a
little interview we heard uh that you
consider yourself a popcorn offici AO I
do well let's see how well you know
popcorn okay all right let's go to cool
not
cool all right cool not cool time Steph
doesn't have any buttons so I've elected
to share my buttons you're so
generous I'm trying to let's start down
on the end with Cory he's not known for
bringing our best item stuff that is not
true we're going to we're going to set
the bar at a really good place so we
have to use a basketball item but not
just any normal basketball item we're
going with the coolest basketball of all
time the impossible to get your hands on
Wilson's airless basketball wow gen one
I have heard about this I've never seen
it about it actually works it has
actually really good weight can you give
us a a shot demonstration core we want
to know how shootable is it do you want
to shoot it let me see that yeah the
bounce is actually
solid there it is wow parents must love
this thing around the house Ball's
amazing slightly more expensive than
your average basketball what's what are
we looking at I'm currently seeing it at
15K I was about to go green but the
price just put me over oh no an early
red always dribble the ball all the time
in the house and I love the silent
Factor so that's that's a green for me I
want to be able to hear the net so I'm
the only reason that I do like it is the
fact that Cory did his pitch in under 10
seconds coach okay let's go down the
line this is a great item for anyone
adult kid sitting at the breakfast table
pull this hush puppy out it is a cereal
bowl which allows you to grab your
Cheerios marshmallows
no why are you going behind the
backboard shot that seems very hard I
mean you tell me your kids would not
like that yeah they would that's the
problem and then cereal would be
everywhere everywhere my dog eats all
the food off the floor yeah I'm with
Cody on this one live a little live a
little hey Canon you like
this wow that was quick I don't know
where to I'll just it's going to be I'm
in between it's a 50/50 for me everyone
knows me as the clean freak this would
go against my thing to give it a green
here's the deal Steph you just came back
with something golden this summer I did
I think there was like over 1,500 of
those giv out to limp I'm not trying to
downgrade your gold medal here 1500 that
seems like a lot but you know what your
teammates don't have a golden bobblehead
of yourself oh wow wow wa you're telling
me this is more valuable than his gold
medal it might be uh it's RAR it looks
like my teammate Jonathan kaminga right
now so
I'm yes I mean I'm I'm going to say I
thought you were bringing the medal and
I got really excited well you know so
I'm going to it's going to be a red for
me but just that was on the presentation
didn't win a gold medal time I know I
know that was my job to bring that
Honesty I'm going green have you guys
ever wanted a dunk yes oh yes I have
little I bring you the Super bounce
automatic dunking insults those will not
help you dunking reviews and these
guarantee 6 in of increased vertical no
way I can also tell you that these are
illegal for professional athletes to use
I am told by one of the people on my
team that somebody in the NFL recently
was find 100 grand for wearing these in
game now I wouldn't recommend Steph use
these for those reasons we are not a
professional athlete if you touch Rim I
will green you so hard here's what we
need to do obviously we need to have
something to compare against okay so let
me just go do a normal jump now I want
to be clear the website doesn't
guarantee 6 in the people in the reviews
guarantee 6 in okay that could be
misleading wow okay okay I got the box
that actually better than I was
expecting for myself if you get 6 in
you're easy easy easy Rim Yeah okay so
I'm just going to go ahead and slip
these on wow I am feeling lifted already
how excited are you guys to watch this
this is brutal red for the pitch I'll
give you a 100,000 o if you touch the
rim I have not touched the rim since
high school okay so this that's been a
very long
[Music]
time was close oh I was right there he
getting the you need one more jump that
was not the same line he took that's
three three great job
you know what made it better it was 100K
I think that's what increased the
vertical jump that's green for me
experiment that is a huge scam but we're
the same person if I can jump even two
inches higher I'm in that's right Steph
what do you have for us all right so you
guys know how much we love jerseys in
the league right oh yeah oh yeah we
switch them up every every game or
so here you look forward to you know
what what new creative kind of energy
we're coming with so okay right
here we have the Golden State City
Edition jersey for the 2024 25 season so
we play here in the beautiful golden
state of California right the Bay Bridge
is our normal logo which you see here in
the in the middle but this is the the
Golden Gate Bridge inspired hey Steph I
got to be honest with you I did not know
that those were two different Bridges
bridges now we're learning something
every day and who says this is not an
educational series you know I'm saying
who's number 30 uh that's some just some
random some random old that's a green
for me I would give it a green but I'm a
little bummed it doesn't come with
shorts Steph that's that's my only knock
on it I'm a green give me that green
baby he doesn't have to play shortless
that's a green that's a it is NI color
coordination did you know it had shorts
I did I knew it that would have been
crazy I saw him underneath the desk I'm
not going to lie to you guys all I want
to do is go try to touch the rim again I
having a hard time continuing this I've
got a great item and you know you're an
elementary school and you bring
something for yourself Steph what does
the teacher say if you're going to bring
something for yourself bring something
for the rest of the class bring
something for the rest of the class okay
and I'm going to show you the first one
here but I have some for you guys as
well this is going to be a little
friendly competition okay we have a
crystal ball except it's not just a
normal crystal ball this is a crystal
basketball filled with cash every guy
including steep has their own you get
one shot oh I can't just keep it you
make it you keep the cash you miss it
the cash goes to everybody else I like
this one shot I am going to air mail
this this is light you guys ready to go
take some Moneyball shots all right
gentlemen welcome to the cool not cool
Moneyball challenge one shot at glory
you make it you keep your cash you miss
it it goes into a pot for the people who
make it Cody you're starting it off oh
okay I'm so nervous good hey oh yeah I
think that's a ke that's a keep watch
out for the glass glass careful it's
real crystal so man I still have the
insoles in I have to count for
that oh nice I looked away like Steph I
looked away I think before it went in
maybe I didn't think we would start with
two makes I'll be honest I didn't
either leave that money there
[Music]
wow you did your
routine tell me thought about that my
routine is dying the routine is gone you
just saved me though cuz I'm I was
definitely going to do I'm one dribble
Sho you're one
drible for sure Steph can you just feed
me one just feed it to me boom one
short on
the feel the weight oh that's nice
that's
nice the three money
BR it was good all right well while
Steph is collecting his cash I'm going
to go get dialed for arena golf there's
a big prize on the line let's head to
Arena
golf welcome to Arena golf Cody and
Steph taking on me and Spark on the bag
there's two banners hanging currently up
in the rafter one with my name one with
your name whoever wins it we're dropping
that thing and we're celebrating the
hole is somewhere by the locker room I
feel like Steph's got a little home
course Advantage here I don't know where
the locker room is but sorry guys just
one second we got to take care of
something he like professional paper
airplane maker okay let's hit sock sock
sock oh getting the
goal go go what flight time turn left oh
go go go dude no way that is that is
unreal go get
it catch it
comes
yeah let's go
yeah can what a dime dude the curries
are built different what I'm talking
about that was
cool let's get after
it oh I like it and it's through the
doorway that was
huge oh we like that so much and we're
off we're underway baby new course
record coming right
up little cuy oh little off the wall
right there just hang out right there
that's all we want baby dog leg right a
little cut
back of the stance close it down and
just watch it
go oh it was so close right it was so
close it was
perfect six sit right there sit right
there come we can get to the escalator
from there yeah we're in good
shape he goes long oh but it's coming
back oh what a shot he thinks he has it
in the bag right now and that's when
he's going to let his guard down one one
bad shot and we're back in oh Steph's
smiling I love it I love
it oh he walks it too we're just going
to watch that one go get some legs get
some legs I can't wait to see what
happens here get some Legs eat it eat
the ball eat the ball eat it oh no it
there it's
okay oh what a bad bounce go through
that Gap dude look he found it yes sit
down man I cannot wait to see how Steph
plays this one oh we're good now now
we're back in
play oh that's a good
ball good
ball oh she stops it she stopped it she
might have helped me she might have
helped me what a shot Stephen
Curry back it's coming back it's coming
back it's coming back it's coming back
it's coming back how does that come
backwards you're up again sir
can I get a ruling this feels like a
movable object got it
no let me see yeah I got that
easy oh he got away with it off the
glass and then it
goes oh he went the wrong way visitation
hours you're in jail I'm taking
unplayable hold on get a different angle
yeah we're good we got room we good oh
no I'm going to stand over there sorry
can you move sorry I just I don't know
where I want to stand it gets rattled so
easily I don't know where it ended up
but it felt
good there it is onward onward uh if you
guys want to watch the BTS video Canon
is making some Stellar paper airplanes
just toss them around the arena if you
come to a game be sure to check under
your seat there's a good chance there's
a paper airplane somewhere close to you
just a little cut into the
tunnel oh he did it oh it's a good ball
needs to sit down going the paint it's
got back spin on
it no Pace hit that corner hit the
corner there's only one corner there's
only one this guys every
hit oh yeah he likes that one like I
like that come back off the wall release
on the putter just a
hair that is so good that is so good
just go go where you're supposed to
absolutely
Perfect Look at that touch you think I
know a little something about a round
ball call me crazy I think we play this
safe and just put it in front of the
hole even even that's too hard way too
hard okay staff let's see what you
got oh he's done it he's done
it B I have a better in the arena
I'm so proud of you we did it you did it
you I'll never forget this day it was
awesome it good round good round same
time next week we get a banner it'll be
Steph Curry cadd by Cody Jones my
parents will be so proud of me so
excited let's go take a look at it Steph
uh it is not my pleasure but it is my
honor and my duty to reveal your newest
Banner among many please reveal the
banner
you got your rang finder it's so small
my name's not on it well yeah it was I
mean it was just you had very little to
tell them I did a lot let's go to some
all sports shooting
competition I'm TT I'm Spar and welcome
to chase Center we have got incredible
matchup Kobe cotton taking on Steph
Curry we hope it's an incredible matchup
spark big Underdog this could get out of
hand quickly it's all sports yeah oh we
got it well welcome to the all sports
Three-Point Contest this is the only way
we could make it remotely fair for Kobe
cotton the contestants will get five
attempts at each station once a shot is
made they'll move on to the next station
if the first shot is made at a station
30 seconds will be deducted from their
time if any other shot is made 10
seconds will be deducted fastest time
wins coobs are you ready get your mind
right let's see it your time starts in
three two one
go oh that's a little deep oh no
shooting football that is not I say that
again he is shooting football not my
preferred method and he does not get the
10 he does he gets a 10sec deduction
that's huge the Money Ball to go that's
big time oh oh you made it you made it
he's so focused Wast a little time I got
to be honest this may be tough to
beat and he goes to pickles whoa oh limp
wristed yeah he does not play much
pickle ball you can tell that pretty oh
and he almost trips wow oh
[Applause]
my he's going to he's going to have a
negative time oh he may have a negative
time he misses need this
one wow
w wow strong that is than ridiculous
well I've seen a 16 oh that was sick
well I've seen the oh that was sick Kobe
cotton with a 51 second time before the
deductions I think that was 29 seconds
I'm not sure we thought through the
scoring properly when we came up with
this competition yes - 29 well done Co I
did not see that coming listen listen
there's one thing you do not do you do
not underestimate a man like this you
guys are excited I will not be excited
yet well good news for Steph he's
already got a banner in the Raptors this
evening because I don't know that he has
the ability to pull this one off I've
seen him do some amazing things but sub
29 seconds it doesn't feel do that's
wild I might have just peaked in life
all right before we see Steph shoot we
would like to say that this incredible
competition is brought to you by the
folks at reton no Tyler I've seen reton
on The Jersey but what is it that's a
great question spark rackon is how
Shoppers get cash back at their favorite
stores it's free to join and they
literally send you money so you just
shop for things like wireless speakers
kicks and outdoor gear and rackon saves
you money yep shop and earn cash back
it's that easy spark so basically you're
trying to tell me that rackon is money
yeah here take some free ones yeah what
a couple of those here take a couple
extra home too yeah get you something
nice on the way home all right and uh
back to the competition Steph any
football in the career uh junior peeee 9
to 10year Old running back that was
about it and then I try to play uh down
to age groups as a quarterback and then
they uh called me out cuz I I weighed
too
much that's a kid that wants to win wow
uh are you ready Steph I I'm ready I'm
ready to try to figure this out three 2
one go the 14 veter little short he's
online though in the midst of the
biggest matchup of his life here we go
he needs one of these to go bad location
there 3 yeah he does it he does it did
you hear that net rip too wow add a
little extra to that net rip sound
I like
it okay little short on the Frisbee can
he make the
adjustment there it is oh he's got one
more shot at the Frisbee oh just short
moves on to the pickle ball he needs a
pickle
ball to have aall he needs doable he
does it he does it anything is possible
f it a little deep he needs it he needs
it he does it he's got to have a first
try b ball he needs
it he does it he does it oh it's so icy
the pickle ball was clutch the soccer
ball was clutch and the first shot
basketball we both showed out ladies and
gentlemen we have the results of the
first ever all sports Three-Point
Contest also with a negative time
Stephen Curry the
winner is Kobe cotton negative
29 wow by how much it had to be close 10
seconds if Steph makes his first soccer
he wins by one negative
second well done great competition thank
you oh hey are they going to drop my
banner Banner was only for golf only for
golf
[Music]
yeah all right welcome to the final long
awaited interview with Steph Curry Steph
how we feeling oh feeling good great man
I'm glad to be here with you guys yeah
got some questions for you top three
favorite golf courses ooh Augusta
National cbble Beach and Kings barns in
Scotland what' you shoot out at Augusta
a man never tells his scores at Augusta
he doesn't oh really I shot a 78 out
there I was pretty proud of it okay all
right chips and salsa or chips and queso
chips and queso all day every day go to
Road Trip gas station snack oo I'm going
with an Ono Palmer is that like a
pre-made or are you making that
that's the pre-made situation and then
I'm going with the sweet tart ropes big
sweetart rope yeah best fan NBA roster
current all time of all time Shaq at the
center Tim Duncan at the power four
Braun at the three MJ at the two me at
the one it's tough to argue with that's
a squad would you rather win The Masters
or a fifth NBA title give me five but
that's a hard question really I thought
you were totally going the other way
with that a give me five five is a
another Elite group we obviously for but
yeah man so what about win a sixth or
the Masters oh that I mean I'd be the
only athlete that ever do that so I
would give me five in the
Masters I thought you wanted the six one
too okay got it got it what's the most
Texas thing that you've ever done I
haven't heard you used y'all or anything
like that got any cowboy boots cowboy
hats rid any horses I mean I've done all
of those thing how about this me and my
wife Aisha on our first date we went
skate shooting okay look at that that J
very very Texas thing to do did not see
that coming I like that worst traffic
violation you've ever had I mean it's 50
in a school zone oh oh that's that's
borderline take you to jail B that was
bad and I was a senior in high school it
was the Rival high school
though wow there's a lot to dig in there
we're going to move on okay so obviously
you've been known for shooting the shot
and the confidence knowing that it's
going in you turn away you're walking
down to the other side of the Court have
you ever done that and you hit back iron
oh yeah I'd say probably five times five
times and then are you like I'm going to
hold off on doing that for a while or
you're just you're right back to it
coach Ker's biggest compliment for me is
like we were playing in a Portland
playoff game and I was 0 for 10 from
three I made my first one so I'm 1 for
11 and I shim me after the one for so
there's no there's no lack of confidence
not an issue one for not an issue okay
you know when we filmed our video with
Luca Cody played him on some oneon-one
then we gave him a little test to see if
he could work some Texas lingo into a
post game press conference Christmas Day
game I want you to wear the hat and then
post game I need you to throw a y'all in
there you got to text me I will
forget during the game interview I need
you to say horny
toad I forgot my horny toad in the house
you know so next time I'll bring that
why cuz I'm
texting he was able to work in the word
horny toad I would love to see what you
could do with horny toad stay tuned Luka
did it on Christmas Day yeah that was a
Christmas Day game it was great great
moment all right so for those of you who
don't know Steph is a self- reclaimed
popcorn effici a that is correct you
said it exactly right that's the title
okay he put together a comprehensive
list of the best popcorns in all NBA
arenas one of these is in his top five
if you can guess which one of these is
in the top five bonus if I could yeah if
you can nail the city I will be blown
away what what did you feel about that
first one so that had a pretty solid
butter consistency but it's a little
soggy okay I need I need a crisp you
know popcorn all
right it's a little bit more vibrant
flavor little more vibrant not as much
salt on that one yeah what do you think
about this one that's a little smoother
taste is it um which one of these you
think's in your top five on the fresh
day I think this one's in my top five
wow hey well done well done that is in
your top five it is I got it right this
is in your top five Miami that is Miami
popcorn look look on the bottom look MH
there it
is is good I'm going go on a limb here
and assume you guys probably have
another Banner for him for the popcorn
is that ISC drop the popcorn
unbelievable it's
unbelievable that'll do it for now back
to the desk all right guys special
thanks to the Warriors and Steph for
joining us today what an episode sir
make sure you guys go get your brand new
Curry 12 shoes what do they look like
Steph like that right
there we're going to sign a few Pairs
and give them away to some random
viewers so comment below let us know if
you want some some shoes come see us on
the Dude Perfect Tour Steph you want to
go on tour with us I'd love to go no no
it's
illegal for me
I'm it off
see Dude Perfect